# Mod20_SelfAssessment
## Angela Arce: Self-Assessment

  The goal for this project is to predict Air Quality for regions across North Carolina. Using data from various reporting stations across the state and using inputs such as month, year, latitude, longitude, AQI, population, and density, the group ran a machine learning model to predict what category the daily AQI falls into on a range from 1-6. By utilizing a neural network model, we were able to predict AQI category for various cities in North Carolina with 64% accuracy. 
  
  Over the course of this project my first role consisted of writing up the technologies the group was planning on using. This gave me a chance to collaborate with each member of the group and discuss what might be the best option for each component, such as the data analysis/exploration and the visualization aspect. One of my main roles was to revise the machine learning model and make sure that we could predict air quality categories efficiently. This served as a personal struggle for me because at the end of the course I did not feel confident with machine learning models and was worried about taking on that role in the project. By taking on this role, I was able to do research on machine learning outside of the module content and go through a lot of trial and error to get the model to work. 
  
  Working on the machine learning model during this project forced me to find solutions to problems I have not encountered before. One of these solutions was to have the module switch gears a bit. Our original goal for the model was to predict AQI value, which ranges from 0-500. The model we were trying to run was not returning a loss or accuracy that was successful. After making tweaks to nodes, layers, epochs, speaking with my group members, and doing research, I decided to group AQI values on a range from 1-6 and have the model predict the AQI category. When I ran this model, we saw a drastic improvement in the loss and accuracy. If there had been more time in the project, I would have liked to solve the original machine learning model we had planned and predict the AQI value. By spending time on our machine learning model, I was able to become significantly more confident in machine learning and I feel that I gained a valuable skill set that I can carry with me to my next job. 
  
  Throughout this project I was also able to spend ample time on the ReadMe and as a group we were able to make corrections where necessary and incorporate anything we felt was significant. This part was good practice to focus on how an employer-ready ReadMe should look and how to work on it with a group instead of individually. 
  
  To keep communication open throughout the project, as a group we scheduled weekly zoom calls, utilized given class time to make progress, and messaged on slack. I do not feel that we encountered any drastic problems during the project. What we struggled with the most was working on the machine learning model and finding a way to improve the loss and accuracy. I feel that we all communicated well, divided the project up evenly, and were able to ask each other for help if necessary, which I feel was our biggest strength during the project. 
